Added `maxSize` property to `InputEditorSizeParams` interface of `@itwin/appui-abstract` (#1535)
iTwin/appui: .changeset/metal-shrimps-glow.md

---
"@itwin/components-react": minor
---

> Added `maxSize` property to `InputEditorSizeParams` interface of `@itwin/components-react` package (using TypeScript declaration merging) to allow max sizing for tool settings input properties.

Reviewer: Fixed package name and nit on wording.

```suggestion
Added `maxSize` property to `InputEditorSizeParams` interface of `@itwin/appui-abstract` package (using TypeScript declaration merging) to allow setting the max size for input editors.
```
